# About the project
Stretching is an important part of processing RAW images, especially in the field of Astrophotography, where signals from distant Deep space objects can be extremely faint. Therefore, we need to "stretch" the signal. In simple terms, stretching involves changing the luminance values of pixels differently depending on what the source of the signal is. For example, the signal from a cloudy part of a nebula must be made brighter, but the signal from light glow (light pollution) must not be stretched to the same amount (or even be made fainter). This project aims to use an ANN model to perform the stretching process.

The main idea behind the project is that the AI model could learn the stretching patterns of an astrophotographer and mimic their photo editing style, given an input map .csv file (generated from a collection of images by said photographer) 

The project involves scraping data from the internet, which in this case is done by scraping a .csv file uploaded to this current repository under the `data/scrapeFromHere` folder. Then, the data is cleaned and an OLS and ANN model are trained and tested using an 80:20 train:test split. Lastly, two docker images, one for the training and one for applying the solution to a given set of data points are created and a docker compose files are used to orchestrate the training, testing and application of the ANN solution. 

## Ownership
This project is released under the AGPL 3.0 license. Furthermore, this was built as a part of the course 'M. Grum: Advanced AI-based Application systems' (University of Potsdam) by Haani Ansari and `{second team member}`

## Structure
This section gives an overview of the code and folder structure of the project.
The project has the following folder structure:

`Add terminal output from tree command here`

### 1) Code
The code folder contains all the python scripts that were used to realise the project. 

#### 1.1) ANN_Pybrain/Tensorflow
These 2 folders contain the python code (model.py) required to the train the model. They also store a copy of the trained model(s).
There are two models that are created using the `model.py` script. One of the model is trained exclusively on the green channel and the other model is trained on the data from Red and Blue channel. 
Information regarding why this is done so is available in the `About the project section`.
The Tensorflow folder currently only contains a placeholder script as the current model was made using Pybrain.

#### 1.2) OLS
This subfolder contains the python code and to realise an OLS model and a copy of the OLS models(s) for the same dataset used to create the ANN model

#### 1.3) Tools
This subfolder contains all the individual python scripts that are a part of the data preperation step. It contains the following scripts:
1. `ingest(16bit).py` - This script is used to convert images to csv data. 
2. `scraper.py` - This script is used to scrape a csv file from a given hyperlink.
3. `cleaner.py` - This script is used to clean the data, after it has been scraped.
4. `editor(16bit).py` - This script is used to edit an image using the ANN model.
5. `visualiser.py` - This script is used to create the required visualisations.
6. `csvSplitter.py` - This script is used to create smaller csv files from a given input csv file.

### 2) Data
This folder contains the CSV and images used to train and test the ANN model.

#### 2.1) Images
This folder contains the images (usually in .TIF format) that the model was trained on.

#### 2.2) ScrapeFromHere
This folder contains the csv files generated by the images in the `Images` folder, and this is where the data was scraped from for the project.

#### 2.3) ScrapedData
This folder contains the CSV files scraped from the `ScrapeFromHere` folder on the remote repository.

#### 2.4) CleanedData
This folder contains all the CSV files that have been cleaned, using the `cleaner.py` script. It also contains the test and train data split CSVs.

### 3) Images
This folder contains the activation and knowledge base docker images for the AI application. The images are in their respectively named subfolders




